all right so if you're Dana you're like
listen look it's Connelly getting ideas
when they get this boatload of money we
can't get them to fight their power the
sports too hard right they won't do it
hmm that's interesting I know so to keep
to keep them hungry
we got a sameness but that's it's so
fucked up so if I'm not seen it's the
right thing to do but I'm saying if
you're dan from his standpoint like
really they don't that way I think they
really think that way I don't think
that's the case you'd I think it's a
side effect of making boatloads of money
but I think they try to make boatloads
of money cuz it doesn't happen very
often it only happens with a Ronda
Rousey or Conor McGregor or some
gigantic huge star AGGA Nate Diaz if you
have to be a gigantic fight yeah but
that's that's rare there's so few of
those guys there's so few those the idea
that you would try to pay people less
because you want to keep them hungry
because if they become giant Superstars
and they're not hungry then they stop
fighting then why not pay more so what
you're saying is pretend you're not
they're not giant superstars even when
they are no superstar still get paper
they also have crazy demands they do
they want to fight who they want to
fight they want to do it when they want
to do it you know there's all sorts of
jockeying going on back and forth I mean
I don't know what happened with Nate
Diaz and Dustin Poirier but they were
supposed to fight the members fight
injured but so Nate was scheduled for a
fight and he's never pulled out of a
fight that he's been scheduled for as
far as I can remember no he was gonna
fight that fight and then went what
happened that made a lot their offers
you just like I'm good right but let's
imagine that if Dustin Poirier did not
pull out of that fight what if he did
fight Nate Diaz and what if Nate Diaz
beat him the Nate Diaz could very well
have fought max Holloway made Saturday
night yes maybe maybe yeah if you paid
him enough it might maybe I'm sure he
laid they might have decided to make
that shit happen you know and you know
what I bet it would have been that was
it that was the face to face off I bet
that would have been a very entertaining
fight too
oh my god oh my god axon 80th both sides
same cardio akhiya insane volume
striking that would be an incredible
fight man fuck that would be a great
fucking fight there'll be a great fight
yeah Mac Sonique it would have been
insane but max was gonna fight Dustin
for
and you know he could be looked I hope
you a big fight Dustin Poirier if he
doesn't fight khabib if for whatever
reason they decide to go with Nate over
khabib they're not they're gonna do
khabib next yeah in September
well maybe could be fights the winner or
the winner rather fights Nate that could
be possible too if you really still
weren't Tony Ferguson named Tony
Ferguson